hello to all we find ourselves
today for those as we played
on the pokemon you chose during
last votes and you've read magic
to magic the debt a pokemon who has
always been moderately playing he has
long been part of the bunkers yesterday in
rally or in india and laughing but with
the arrival of Easter mistake x and the
holidays it went down in digital for
me a logical explanations to
this drop of third and the boost that has
received the act i sabotage in sixth
generation now sabotage in addition
to remove the object it 's very big
damages
and the problem is that magic dreams he
is extremely sensitive to this attack
a lot of poutine who could not
the kill the lover can now the
kill very easily with its beauty
I think that explains why he is
become less and less play and that's
even more blatant when he lingers
on the magic statistics work on
see right away that he has very
bad pv is a very bad defense
well that's really going to mean he's going
to be very fragile on the physical plane
but in return we also note
that he has a very good special attack
a very good defense e special and a
very good speed
we can also note that magic dreams to
a unique type rather by her the
suspect has few weaknesses he has a
immunity to attacks of the normal type and
in addition to that since xy attacks the
spectrum type will also hit the
pokemon ah if that's pretty good
but the real magic advantage is that it looks
is going to be his mold ie the list
attacks he can learn since
dream magic will learn a lot of
things
there are two ways to play it they
will come back very often
offensive you'll have understood from the view of
his defensive dream magic statistics in
any case on the physical plane it's not
a very good idea
the first set you will see is
something quite scalable
we will benefit from the fact that he is learning
a lot of attack we will play it with
balloon to have an attack of his
type a stab attack and we will use
then very often magical shine that
allows to touch pokemon tm and
pokemon-type fighting very often in
third player attack
choose ecosphere or thunder that
allows to have a very good coverage
of type in last attack there are some
very different choices that are possible
and it will depend on your object what
I personally prefer it's the
play with the glasses choice or the
handkerchief choice for attack booster
special or speed and use the tax
magic trick so eventually of
block installer a heritage
defensive opponent but he is
also quite possible to
play with the computer and in this case there in
last attack we will choose
usually ray I like or still
balance to regain a little bit
slip sometimes we'll see it too with the
jacket fight even if I do not like it too much
this way of playing it and in this case
there we last attack or choose radius
charged who can increase his attack
special
as you see we have three ways of
play my g rev that are noticeably
different
when in the end they have the
same attacks and room advantage it's
that it will allow you to choose in
depending on your style of play and
your team
it's good that's it
makes it easier for me
times no matter how you
play the breakdown of v will be pretty much
always the same we will maximize the tax
special and the speed there is only on
the set with the combat jacket can be
possibly put a little bit
had to get worse and defending this special
to be more resistant to nature
I advise you 6000 even if modest
is possible if we come now
on the second rather common way of
play it a technique that will rest
on a boost that must be based on
machination machination it increases
a lot the special pack of our magic
dream and
good speed that can be all to
is generally dangerous with this
boost one will choose to use low shadow
and magical shine as on the first
set without really the best to touch
the most kind of possible opponents to
level of the last attack
In my opinion, there are two possible choices in
function of if you play simulator
if you're on simulator consoles
we will use cloning the purpose of this
attack if to place it at the right time
to be able to booster quietly
being protected it also allows us
a dream magic
and as we have seen yet very fragile
so here an opponents attack and of
to be able to fight back once
console so often a lot more
complicated to place a clown as the
adversaries often very offensive too
offensive so I advise you rather
to choose a last attack at the bottom
target as ecosphere or thunder of which
we spoke earlier and play
dream magic with the belt force that
will work a lot on consoles seen
that the rock traps are almost
nonexistent in any case we meet
random for others and that's
exactly like the first set it takes
maximize special attacks and speed
for nature on the other hand shy
only modest here it will not be
really viable the purpose of these two
methods will therefore be to place magic
dream at the right time if possible in
taking advantage of one of his units
to note that there are some other options
quite interesting I think by
example provoc willow wolf oullins of
care that can easily be added
out of the seven that I presented to you
be careful especially the seven except on this
with the objects choice there is not
possible
but it's attacks can be
quite practical in some cases
you can quite consider it
There are also other ways to
play my jld way a little bit more
rare that they will use for example cage
is clear that the request is a requiem
or else crazy round but watch out these
attacks there we can not transplant
on the 2.7 that I hate you
presented or with difficulty what
I advise you so it's
consult the strategic sheet that I
put you in the details of the video
where you will have all the explanations
6-1 6-7 a different type interests you
to accompany him if you are on
simulator so we came I you
advise to leave often pokemon
normal with a good defense like that
at the level of the balance of
statistics one is not bad of the
all there are several who
match the profile there I think
for example to and creamy or tongue or
even regis gasse if you are on
console and you do not necessarily have
want to respect the thirds you can
also leave on pokemon like
nathalie what she prey or
score sheets I will end this video
with a little digression towards what we
can say in poké science supernumerate it
there is a theory that magic
dream would be the undervaluation of dark
reign in you the rope said like that
it's a little far- fetched
but there are really a lot of arguments
for just as there are also some
arguments against and even if I believe in it
not necessarily I push to always
interesting to debate
especially do not hesitate if you have a
opinion on this theory to share it
in the comments
and I on my side I hope you
will have enjoyed what my game but I
tell you very soon
from video